Add endpoints docs to wiki (#883)
iota-wiki/iota-wiki: iota/develop/endpoints/mainnet.md

---
description: The IOTA foundation provides load-balanced public mainnet endpoints where MQTT and the HTTP REST API are enabled. 
image: /img/logo/Chrysalis_logo_dark.png
keywords:
- mainnet
- MQTT
- REST API
- HTTP
- Explorer
- reference
- Endpoints
---
# Mainnet

## Public Infrastructure

IOTA currently provides two load-balanced public mainnet endpoints:

> - chrysalis-nodes.iota.org.
> - chrysalis-nodes.iota.cafe.

Author: ```suggestion
- https://chrysalis-nodes.iota.org.
- https://chrysalis-nodes.iota.cafe.
```

---
description: The IOTA foundation provides load-balanced public mainnet endpoints where MQTT and the HTTP REST API are enabled.
image: /img/logo/Chrysalis_logo_dark.png
keywords:
  - mainnet
  - MQTT
  - REST API
  - HTTP
  - Explorer
  - reference
  - Endpoints
---

# Mainnet

## Public Infrastructure

IOTA currently provides two load-balanced public mainnet endpoints:

- https://chrysalis-nodes.iota.org.
- https://chrysalis-nodes.iota.cafe.

> These endpoints have MQTT (via WebSockets) exposed and offer the HTTP REST API (according to this [specification](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rufsam/protocol-rfcs/master/text/0026-rest-api/0026-rest-api.yaml))

Reviewer: Should we point to the Wiki spec now?

```suggestion
These endpoints have MQTT (via WebSockets) exposed and offer the HTTP REST API (according to this [specification](nodes/api_reference.md))
```

Reviewer: Or maybe this is better, saves one click for the user.

```suggestion
These endpoints have MQTT (via WebSockets) exposed and offer the HTTP REST API (according to this [specification](nodes/rest-api/iota-rest-api.info.mdx))
```
